the Emmy Awards last night and we do
this every year all the biggest stars of
television are at the enemies that one
of those stars is our very own Guillermo
who went not just back to back this year
but piggy back to back with the winners
backstage piggy back piggy back to back
because there are mines back
[Music]
I love this was this that I should I be
afraid no they took the front seat oh my
god your bunny slippers fast when you
like to donate your Emmy to the children
yeah which children my children you want
to call and tell them that you want a
friend of a family member oh yeah let me
I guess I could call somebody but that's
my sister should I call her oh yeah call
your sister okay hello
I'm on piggy back to back
whit Guillermo Frank Jimmy Kimmel Live
Guillermo from Jimmy Kimmel Live how are
you
we're come in for dinner so have been
already your brother and I were coming
to dinner to your house okay okay cool
locked up lock the doors he's on his
knees in front of my wife would you let
go every drink yeah how are you gonna
celebrate tonight we're gonna go home
and brush our teeth and go to bed three
little kids and you figure out how to
get me out of this dress
can I help so today's been a lucky night
you wanted Amy it's good to anything oh
my god yeah that's very lucky thank you
hey you wanna be more lucky than tonight
yeah then tonight sure I have this
scratch and and two this is two for you
oh you won yeah oh my god lucky name oh
my god I win let me see I think you want
uh I think you won't $500 really Wow
it's 400 for you and 100 for me that's
spare or never been more comfortable
than this very much yes
hey Oliver you know what is a margarita
upside-down
I don't know game or what is a margarita
upside-down okay ready ready here's one
okay mm-hmm okay we're done with that
hold it hold it
here's the tequila now I like to go
heavy on the tequila all right so there
we go
not too much salt because that's
ridiculous I also do love alive okay now
tell me that wasn't refreshing how good
is a British person's margarita game Oh
[Laughter]
piggyback I want to say congratulation
Emmy thank you bro oh good everything
good everything's fantastic I'm the
first black woman to win an Emmy in the
comedy writing category sure I've known
you don't drink but I'm drinking tonight
yeah this is for you
okay I don't know what this is this is
scary no killer all right oh geez we're
gonna on you win Emmy okay all
right thank you boo oh my god oh my gosh
right whoo you feeling me I yeah I'm
feeling a lot of things right now oh my
god like hot in my chest it feel like
electricity coming in your body I oh my
goodness
I want to say congratulation and um is
everything how you gonna celebrate
tonight um
I don't know no I this
help would you like to have a drink
Cleary no huh no I think I'm gonna go
now but what about okay pop I gotta go
what I'm gonna keep help no you want to
keep up I don't want anything
Guillermo if you try to be in the ass I
[Applause]
love you so deep and watch me ah beep
beep beep I say yeah sure beep beep beep
yeah how do you spell it
be e-e-e pee pee alright we figured that
out
cheers cheers Cheers - beep - beep I'm
wearing you right now bro
no no I'll wear you because you're my
back so I'm wearing you yeah that's true
that's true I would like to win an Emmy
for this interview so can you give me
like ass a face oh can you punch me or
or just oh do something dramatic bro
I'll just give you the mm you just give
me the anything you will Wow awesome
don't age here take the birthday pop I
want to say thank you to all the people
in the UK hey hey
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares